Dear viewer,Welcome to my github page This is the full stack based Yoga class application.It is a dynamic website which reacts at realtime as well as it is a highly scalable application.The techStacks that i have used here are: Frontend:React.js,JavaScript,HTML,CSS Backend:Node.js Database:MongoDB In this application user can register themselves for yoga classes.When user visits he will get two options ie. sign in(for already registered users) and sign up(for new users).For new registration user will have to enter there name,age, and have to select available slots. This application have feature of secure signup and login with authentication. Signup has password validator and username, email, age validations which is very powerful. Login is done using the safer auth library of express authentication. After logging in, user will get a message that you have successfully register for yoga class.After registration user will be able to make payment and also there is functionality to change your payment amount.

To install this application you need to have following softwares:- 1)Node js with latest version 2)Visual Studio with latest version 3)All path should be added to system variables

Steps to run application: 1)First of all, Go to the location where you want to install the software and make one folder. 2)open cmd .. Follow commands:- write your own names where it is mentioned to type name.. write it down to remember it. cd (folder_name) 3)Make an environment for the react application and activate it. whenever want to run a project,yo need to start the development server first using the working command. There are two folders i.e Client(FRONTEND) and Server(BACKEND. use the cd client and cd server command in visual studio terminal.To install my application dependencies used the npm i command.
client will run on localhost-3000 
server will run on port-3200 
I have used mongoDB database.In server file i have passed my mongoDB key to connect database with server. All the registration done in form will be reflected in the database. for deployment purpose i have used netlify free hosting website. To get a demo of my application you can visit the following link
Netlify link:https://anuragd642-yoga-form.netlify.app/
The Entity-Relationship diagram is also attached with this repository
